Ok, lately more and more people kept asking the same questions.. They forced me to write down this FAQ so, read it and then ask questions!

1. What the fuck is pr0j3kt m4yh3m i been hearing about?

Pr0j3kt m4yh3m is the movement started by a group of blackhats that decided
they can't bare anymore with the FUD and lies spread by the whitehat
community, with the greed that is definitory for IT security companies, with
the leeching performed by these companies on hackers and so on. Pr0j3kt
m4yh3m is carried on by multiple independant cells who accomplish project's
missions. This movement is not about terrorism but more about retaliation
and cyber guerilla warfare.


2. Why do you hate whitehats? Just because they earn money?

Heh, this one is a redundant question. It keeps repeating all the time. Now,
once and for all, we don't hate the whitehats because they earn money but
for the ways they earn those money. By lying, by spreading rumours, by
leeching on the underground that formed them. Them and IT companies are also
targeted because they lie clueless people regarding hackers. They make
hackers look as some sort of cyber terrorist that all he does is creating
panic amongst all sorts of internet habitants. They also say that hackers
can break into *ANY* machine connected to the internet, this ofcourse
creating panic and enlarging their market segment. They don't care about
security, all they do care about is money. They are evil! They leech their
employees, they leech the underground, they leech their clients. Figure out
for yourself.


3. Why are you guys against full disclosure?

Disclosure is, never the less, a bad thing. Figure it out: how many
classified informations from other domains are made public?! NONE, zero,
nada, nothing! But still, they promote the full disclosure in computer
security. Have you ever asked yourself why? It's not that they care for the
regular company that can't afford to hire a decent administrator... They
want publicity, they want media attention, all this resulting in material
benefits: if an IT security company makes public a proof-of-concept code or
an advisory, it performs two things. It gets fame for that (and ofcourse, a
larger market segment) and thousands of kiddies all over the world eventually
work out an exploit from the advisory. So, people would fear getting hacked
so, they would become customers of that IT security company. Remember this:
knowledge given is power lost. Why giving powerful weapons to the kids all
over?


4. Real blackhats stay in underground. Why did u come out front?

As we stated in 1., we just can't stand anymore seeing what the whitehat
community is doing. They almost killed the scene, breaking it in half.
Whitehats all over the world are brainwashing thousands and thousands of
people, making them share their mindset. As a result, people think that
blackhat equals script kiddie and hacker equals IT security researcher. This
is so wrong! Hackers hack! Most of whitehat knowledge originates from the
underground. Most of the stuff they publish is heard by them from the few
underground connections left. And yet, they try to kill this underground and
they call it "script kiddies". ~el8/PHC/other groups will carry on this war
forever, until something changes! More and more groups adhere to pr0j3kt
m4yh3m.


5. Is Pr0j3kt M4yh3m visible to us?

Hell yeah! Even if nobody knows the other cells, even if nobody knows what
others do, look around you: you see supposedly secured servers gettin
hacked, you see security professionals hacked proving that they are giving a
false sense of security. *EVERYTHING* aimed at harming security industry in
one way or the other is an action of pr0j3kt m4yh3m. Pr0j3kt's cells are
spread all over the world, one could even be in your neighbourhood so watch
out!
